Clarify some tools in Ledger macOS setup (#409)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/install-ledger-app.rst

#. Navigate to where you have downloaded the Ledger install package. For example, this might be ``~/Downloads/concordium-ledger-app-2.0.1-target-2.0.0``. To navigate to this directory in a Terminal, enter ``cd ~/Downloads/concordium-ledger-app-2.0.1-target-2.0.0``.

> #. Install the package manager `Homebrew<https://brew.sh/>`; you will need the Homebrew tool to install the remaining dependencies. Copy the following line into the Terminal and press enter.

Reviewer: Fixed a few links for you 😊

      ./install.sh

#. The Ledger says **Deny unsafe manager**. Press the right button to navigate through the public key until the Ledger says **Allow unsafe manager**. Press both buttons. The Ledger says **Loading, please wait** while it installs the app.

#. The Ledger says **Concordium**. Press both buttons. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. You can now use the Ledger with the Desktop Wallet.

.. _update-app-macos:

Update/reinstall the Concordium Ledger app on macOS
---------------------------------------------------

For the app to work properly with the current version of the Desktop Wallet, make sure that you update to the latest version of the app.

> When you update your Ledger, it removes the apps but not the certificates. So you do not need to do anything about the certificate.

Reviewer: I am not sure that apps _always_ are deleted when you update your Ledger.
Either write that apps _may_ be deleted, or investigate to figure out whether it always happens.

#. Navigate to where you have downloaded the Ledger install package. For example, this might be ``~/Downloads/concordium-ledger-app-2.0.1-target-2.0.0``. To navigate to this directory in a Terminal, enter ``cd ~/Downloads/concordium-ledger-app-2.0.1-target-2.0.0``.

> #. Run the ``./install.sh`` file from the folder that you extracted the files to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install the Concordium application on the Ledger by running the following script from the folder you extracted the files to:

   .. code-block:: console

      ./install.sh

```

Reviewer: I think this is easier for people to understand (I just copied the explanation from the install guide)
